1. Start
2. Enable buttons ABC, Power button and Display
3. On Display request for User input for number and save it on Slot Id
4. Disable buttons ABC and Enable Buttons #, Cancel, Correct and Display, power button, Cancel, Correct and Display.
5. Display request for Number # of the Slot Id
        a) if user pressed Power button skip to step 13
        b) if user Pressed Cancel. Return to step 1
        c) if user Pressed Correct. Go back to step 2
        d) if user Pressed a Number #. Save the ABC and the # in the Slot ID and continue to step 5
6.Check Slot ID "SKU" price and save it. Display price of product per item. Display Request for product amount (user will input this using the Numbers# buttons). Set minQuantity 1 and maxQuantity 9.
        a) if user pressed Power button skip to step 13
        b) if user Pressed Cancel. Return to step 1
        c) if user Pressed Correct. Go back to step 5
        d) if user Pressed a Number #. Check Slot Id quantity available.
                   A) if quantity available is less than quantity selected. Display "Sorry, we do not have # of products in stock, please select again" and return to step 6
                   B) if quantity available is more than quantity selected. Continue to step 7
7. Disable buttons number #.
8. Display Price of the product and total price (total price= quantity selected * price per product) And Request form of payment.
9. Display Payment options (Credit card, Bank card or NFC phone) and Request a user selection
        a) if user pressed Power button skip to step 13
        b) if user Pressed Cancel. Return to step 1
        c) if user Pressed Correct. Go back to step 6
        d) if user Pressed Credit card or Bank card. Enable Card reader
        e) if user Pressed NFC enable NFC reader.
10. Verify the payment details and authorize the payment.
        a) if user pressed Power button skip to step 13
        b) if user Pressed Cancel. Return to step 1
        c)if user Pressed Correct. Go back to step 9
        d) if the Payment is unsuccessful, Display error message "there was an error with the payment please try again."
        and return to step 9.
        e) if the Payment is successful continue to step 11.
11. Disable the payment hardware previously selected, cancel button and correct button. Enable Display, power button, and spinning cylinder for the slot ID selected and the quantity selected.
Display success message "Thank you for purchasing with Super Vending Machine 2000 please pick up your item".
12. Disable Spinning cylinder. Quantity available -= Quantity selected. 
if quantity available is less than 5. Send a message to provider. and return to step 1.
13. End
